PHLOCK is distributed under the following BSD-style license:

Copyright © 2014 Broad Institute, Inc.  All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the Broad Institute, Inc. nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS.”  BROAD MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND REGARDING THE SOFTWARE AND
COPYRIGHT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, CONFORMITY WITH ANY DOCUMENTATION,
NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THE ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, WHETHER OR NOT
DISCOVERABLE. IN NO EVENT SHALL BROAD, THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS, OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS;
OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF, HAVE REASON TO KNOW, OR IN FACT SHALL KNOW OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGE.

If, by operation of law or otherwise, any of the aforementioned warranty
disclaimers are determined inapplicable, your sole remedy, regardless of the
form of action, including, but not limited to, negligence and strict
liability, shall be replacement of the software with an updated version if
one exists.

In addition, PHLOCK is distributed, in part, under and subject to the
provisions of licenses for: Python 2.7, Copyright © 2001-2015 Python
Software Foundation; All Rights Reserved.  Development of PHLOCK was funded
in whole or in part by the Carlos Slim Foundation in Mexico as part of the
Slim Initiative for Genomic Medicine.

